Thirst and Push
Fire
Fire girls!
My lord, we've promised you nothing
I see...
Too late
Please enthusiasm
Bla bla bla
Please, please listen to us
Listen to me
We've promised these Muslims
We are with great courage
Our ["Hakujou's"] supplied the...!
orders
come now
There's only one way
But you will go far away
We've promised our Qin
Comrades
to видно
Everyone
That's what we promised
There's always voilà
I'm sorry.
We're all out of breath.
They've surrounded us.
Sir, we can't fight them.
Good.
Two hundred meters.
Fire!
Stop!
The bullets are coming from the hill.
Shoot them!
No, we can't.
We have dozens of bullets.
I'm worried about the weapons.
We can't fight them.
Fire!
Shoot them!
Sir, fire!
Fire!
Sir, what's going on?
We're done.
Don't shoot me.
The weapons are important.
Sir, we're in trouble.
Please come back.
Sir, they're...
Sir, they're coming.
Where are they?
Sir, we're fine.
Go back.
We're out of breath.
Sir, we're out of breath.
Stop them.
We're out of breath.
The End